April 9 , 2019
Asaf Meir
Frishman 33
Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel
Dear Asaf:
As you likely know, Dedoco Ltd. (the “Company”) has entered into a Share Purchase
Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with CloudBees, Inc. (“CloudBees”). On behalf of the
Company, I am pleased to confirm your continued employment in the position of Senior
Software Engineer. This position will continue to report to the VP, Engineering. Your primary
work location will continue to be Frishman 33, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel.
The effective date for the application of the following terms (“Effective Date”) will align with the
Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This offer of continued employment (this
“Offer”) is contingent upon you fully cooperating with, and successfully completing all
conditions, as described below.
As of the Effective Date, your compensation and benefits will consist of the following
components:
1. Working Hours. You shall be employed on a 5-day workweek basis, 42 hours a week.
Your rest day shall be Saturday.
2. Salary. Your monthly salary will be NIS 35,000 gross (NIS 420,000 gross annually) (the
“Salary”) payable in accordance with the Company’s current payroll policies, no later
than the 9
th day of each month and subject to customary deductions and withholdings,
as required by law. Without derogating from section 3 below, your Salary is calculated
based on two separate components as follows:
1. A gross monthly base salary of NIS 24,500 (the “Base Salary”).
2. A gross monthly global compensation for overtime hours of work in the amount of
NIS 10,500 (the “Global Overtime Compensation”), which represents payment
for approximately 60 overtime hours.

The Global Overtime Compensation has been determined based on the Company’s
knowledgeable estimation (according to the Company’s experience with similar positions within
the Company) of the average of overtime hours per month that your position requires. All
salary-based social benefits will be calculated based on the Salary (meaning not only the Base
Salary but also based on the Global Overtime Compensation), except if detailed otherwise in
this Offer.

1. Scope. This is a full time position; accordingly, you agree to devote your full business
time, attention and best efforts to the performance of your duties and to the furtherance
of the Company’s interests during your employment.
2. Options.
1. Subject to board approval, you will receive a stock option to purchase 40,174
shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Retention Options”), with 25%
of such shares vesting on the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date and the
remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter (subject to your
continued employment by the Company through the applicable vesting date);
provided, however, that in the event that you terminate your employment with the
Company for Good Reason or the Company terminates your employment without
Cause (as each such term is defined below) prior to the third anniversary of the
Effective Date, then upon such termination date a number of options equal to (i)
75% of the Retention Options minus (ii) any then vested Retention Options, if
any, shall become immediately vested. The Retention Options will be issued
pursuant to the Company’s Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the
“Plan”), will have an exercise price per share set at the fair market value as
determined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant, and will be subject to
all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in the stock option
agreement covering such Retention Options to be executed by you and the
Company. These documents will be forthcoming.
2. In addition, subject to board approval, you will receive an additional stock option
to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the “Additional
Options”), with 25% of such shares vesting on the one-year anniversary of the
Effective Date and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments
thereafter (subject to your continued employment by the Company through the
applicable vesting date). The Additional Options will be issued pursuant to the
Plan, will have an exercise price per share set at the fair market value as
determined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant, and will be subject to
all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and in the stock option
agreement covering such Additional Options to be executed by you and the
Company. These documents will be forthcoming.

3. Retention Bonus.
If the Closing is completed, you shall be eligible to earn two one-off retention bonus payments
each in the amount of $34,000 gross (less required deductions) (each, a “Retention Bonus
Amount”), which, if earned, will be payable in accordance with the terms of this Offer. The first
Retention Bonus Amount will be earned on the first anniversary of Closing (the “First Bonus
Date”) and the second Retention Bonus Amount will be earned on the second anniversary of
Closing (the “Second Bonus Date”); provided that the applicable Retention Bonus Amount will
not be earned, and you shall have no right to receive the applicable Retention Bonus Amount, if,
on the First Bonus Date or the Second Bonus Date, as applicable, you are no longer employed

by the Company or either you or the Company has given notice to terminate your employment
with the Company; provided further that in the event that you terminate your employment for
Good Reason or the Company terminates your employment without Cause (as each such term
is defined below) prior to the Second Bonus Date, then you shall receive, within ten (10) days
following the date of such termination of employment, a portion of the Retention Bonus Amount
equal to (1) the Retention Bonus Amount multiplied by 75% minus (2) any portion of the
Retention Bonus Amount that has previously been paid to you. For purposes hereof: “Good
Reason” shall be limited to your termination of your employment with the Company within thirty
days after the occurrence of either of the following events: (x) any reduction in your
compensation terms, taken as a whole which is not applicable to all of Company’s employees,
(y) a material reduction in your roles or responsibilities, or (z) you being required to generally
report on a regular basis to a Company facility that is more than 50 miles from the primary
location that you generally report to as of the Closing; and “Cause” shall mean (i) your willful
failure or substantial refusal to render services to the Company or any of its affiliates as
reasonably requested by the Company, (ii) willful misconduct or breach of the terms of this
Offer, [Confidential Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Developments Agreement] or any similar
agreement between you and the Company or any Company affiliate, (iii) the commission by you
of an act of fraud or embezzlement upon the Company or any Company affiliate or any of their
respective clients, (iv) your deliberate, material disregard of the rules or policies of the Company
or of any Company affiliate, (v) your conviction, or your plea of guilty, no contest or nolo
contendere, with respect to a crime that constitutes a felony or other crime that constitutes a
misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, that causes a direct or indirect material loss, damage or
injury to the Company or any Company affiliate or that, in the judgment of the Company, would
tend to generate adverse publicity toward the Company or any Company affiliate, (vi) your
commission of an act which constitutes unfair competition with the Company or any Company
affiliate, or (viii) you have performed any act that entitles the Company legally to dismiss you
without paying you severance pay, in whole or in part, in connection with such dismissal.
The potential retention bonus payments specified above are of a unique and conditional nature
and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be deemed to be a salary component for any purpose,
including for the accrual of any social benefits or severance pay. For the avoidance of any
doubt, nothing herein indicates any promise of a fixed term employment.
1. Discretionary Benefits. You will also be eligible to receive such benefits as the
Company may from time to time offer to similarly situated employees, subject to
applicable vesting periods and eligibility requirements. Where any such benefit is paid to
you hereunder, being a conditional payment, it shall not constitute a salary component
for any purpose, including for the purpose of calculating any fringe benefits. The
Company reserves the right to change or cancel such benefits entitlement at any time
and for any reason, in its sole discretion.
2. Vacation. You shall be entitled to 15 working days as vacation days (“Vacation Days”),
with respect to each full year of continuous employment with the Company but no less
than the amount required by the provisions of the Annual Leave Law, 1951 (“Leave
Law”), as amended from time to time. You shall be entitled to carry forward the unused

Vacation Days in accordance with the Company's policies as shall be from time to time.
Any accrued Vacation Days which shall exceed the Company's accrual quota shall be
forfeit and for the avoidance of any doubt shall not be redeemed upon termination.
3. Sick Leave. You shall be entitled to sick leave in accordance with the provisions of the
Sick Pay Law, 1976. In the event you are absent from work due to illness, you shall
notify the Company of the illness as soon as possible.
4. Recuperation Pay. You shall be paid recuperation pay (“Dmey Havra’a”) in accordance
with the applicable extension order.
5. Study Fund (“Keren Hishtalmut”).
6. Travel Allowance. You shall be entitled to payment of travel allowance, in accordance
with applicable law.
7. Pension Arrangement. You shall be entitled to contributions to a pension arrangement
of your choice (the “Pension Arrangement”), at the following monthly rates:
1. The Company shall contribute:
1. 8.33% of the Salary towards the severance pay component; and
2. 6.5% of the Salary towards the pension component.
In the case you are insured in a mangers insurance policy or a provident fund (which is not a
pension fund), the said rate shall include the rate of contributions towards the disability
insurance (Bituach Ovdan Kosher Avodah) as applicable from time to time, ensuring a loss of
earning payment of 75% of the Salary, but no less than 5% towards the pension component, all
subject to the terms of the Extension Order regarding the Increase of Pension Contributions -
2016 (the “Pension Order 2016”). In accordance with the terms of the Pension Order 2016, if
the said rate shall not be sufficient to insure you in disability insurance, the total rate of
contributions shall increase up to 7.5% of the Salary.

1. The Company shall also deduct 6% of the Salary to be paid on your account
towards the Pension Arrangement.
2. It is hereby agreed that the settlement regulated in the General Order as
amended (attached hereto as Appendix A) published under Section 14 of the
Severance Pay Law, 5723-1963 (the “Severance Pay Law”) applies. The
Company’s contributions to the Pension Arrangement will therefore constitute
your entire entitlement to severance pay in respect of the paid Salary, in place of
any severance pay to which you otherwise may have become entitled at law.
The Company waives all rights to have its payments refunded, unless your right to severance
pay is denied by a judgment according to Sections 16 or 17 of the Severance Pay Law or in the
event that you withdraw monies from the pension arrangement in circumstances other than an
Entitling Event, where an “Entitling Event” means death, disablement or retirement at the age
of 60 or over.
1. Business Expenses. Reasonable, necessary, and customary expenses will be
reimbursed to you in accordance with the Company’s current Expense policy.
2. Term and Termination.

1. Your employment with the Company shall continue for an un-fixed term, unless
terminated in accordance with the terms of this Offer.
2. Termination of this Offer shall be by either party giving prior notice of 30 days
(“Prior Notice”). During the Prior Notice period, you shall attend work, continue
to perform the duties required by your position within the Company, and train
your successor unless the Company instructs otherwise in writing.
3. Notwithstanding the above, the Company may, in its sole discretion:
1. terminate your employment without Prior Notice in whole or in part, by giving you notice
together with payment in lieu of all or part of the Prior Notice, as the case may be,
according to law, in which case your employment shall be deemed to have ceased on
the date of the receipt of the notice from the Company; and/or
2. instruct you not to attend work during the Prior Notice period or any part of it, in which
case, you will continue to receive your salary and other benefits to which you are entitled
under this Offer.
1. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall be entitled to terminate your
employment forthwith, without Prior Notice or payment in lieu of notice upon the
occurrence of Cause (as defined above).

1. Confidential Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Developments. As a condition of your
continued employment following the Closing, you agree to execute the Company’s
[Confidential Disclosure, Non-Solicitation and Developments Agreement]. In this
agreement, you will, among other things, confirm our understanding that your
employment by the Company and the performance of your duties for the Company as
contemplated will not cause you to breach any fiduciary or other duty, covenant, or
understanding to which you are a party or by the terms of which you are bound. In
addition, prior to the Effective Date you agree to provide the Company with a copy of all
non-disclosure agreements and other agreements entered into in your capacity as an
employee, consultant or agent and to which you are a party and remain bound. We also
ask that, if you have not already done so, you disclose to the Company any and all
agreements that may affect your eligibility to continue to be employed by the Company
following the Closing, or limit the manner in which you may be employed (including, but
not limited to, any non-compete agreements). It is the Company’s understanding that no
such agreements exist that will prevent you from fully performing the duties of your
position and you represent that such is the case. Moreover, you agree that, during the
term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other
employment, occupation, consulting, or other business activity directly related to the
business in which the Company is now involved or becomes involved during the term of
your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your
obligations to the Company. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third-party confidential
information to the Company, and that you will not in any way utilize any such information
in performing your duties for the Company.
In consideration of this Offer, and the benefits related thereto, you agree as follows:

○ You acknowledge that as of the date you sign this Offer, you have been paid and
have received all outstanding entitlements arising out of or in any way connected
with your employment with the Company until the Effective Date in accordance
with any law or agreement, including (without limitation) all salary, wages,
bonuses (including an annual bonus for 2018, if any), vacation, grants, benefits,
perquisites, commissions, travel pay, change of control benefits and payments,
stock, stock options, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to you
for with respect to your work with the Company until the Effective Date. The
above shall not apply with respect to 13.462 (the “Accrued Entitlements”).
○ You acknowledge that you are not aware of any basis for legal claims against the
Company, CloudBees, or any of their respective agents, employees, officers or
directors. You further confirm that other than with respect to the Accrued
Entitlements, neither you nor anyone on your behalf has or shall have any claims
or demands of any kind against the Company, CloudBees, or anyone on their
behalf, with respect to your employment with the Company until the Effective
Date (according to any law or agreement, including your previous employment
agreement) and/or with respect to the Purchase Agreement.
○ Without derogating from the foregoing, you release the Company, its
predecessor, successor, CloudBees, and/or subsidiary corporations, and their
respective agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, related
companies, and its actual and purported (together “Releasees”) from all claims,
suits, debts, liabilities, promises or causes of action whatsoever, known or
unknown, arising from, or in any way related to, your employment with the
Company, or any other acts or omissions of any Releasee, occurring on or before
the date you sign this Offer.

1. Notification of Employment Conditions. This Offer constitutes a Notification of
Employment Conditions pursuant to the Notice to the Employee and Job Candidate Law
(Employment Conditions and Candidate Screening and Selection), 5762-2002.
We are extremely excited to continue your employment and work with you following the Closing,
and believe that your continued employment will prove to be both challenging and rewarding.
The foregoing terms supersede any prior discussions, oral or written, which we have had
relating to your employment (including your previous employment agreement), and the other
matters discussed in this Offer. Additionally, it is understood that from time to time, the
Company reviews its benefits, policies, and practices and may alter or change them at its
discretion.
If the foregoing terms are acceptable to you, please sign and date the original copy of this Offer
by April 15, 2019. Please e-fax or scan a signed copy to the attention of Ellen Thorne at
ethorne@cloudbees.com

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature(s) follow]

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Sincerely,
CloudBees, Inc.

I have read, understand and accept the foregoing terms and conditions of my continued
employment. I further understand that while my rate of pay, benefits, job title and job duty may
change from time to time without a written modification to this offer of continued employment,
changes will not affect the validity of this offer of continued employment with the Company.
ACCEPTED:
Signature: __________________________________________
NAME:
DATE: ________________, 2019

Expected Effective Date: May 10, 2019

Appendix A
General Order and Confirmation Regarding Payments of Employers to Pension Funds
and Insurance Funds instead of Severance Pay

The General Order below is expected to be amended in order for it to correspond with the
relevant updates as prescribed under law. It should be noted that the specific
contribution rates set out in this General Approval are subject to the terms of the
Pension Order 2016, as detailed in the Employment Agreement.
Pursuant to the power granted to me under section 14 of the Severance Pay Law 5723-1963
(“Law”) I hereby confirm that payments paid by an employer, commencing the date hereof, to
an employee’s comprehensive pension fund into a provident fund which is not an insurance
fund, as defined in the Income Tax Regulations (Registration and Management Rules of a
Provident Fund) 5724-1964 (“Pension Fund”), or to a Manager’s Insurance Fund that includes
the possibility of an allowance or a combination of payments to an Allowance Plan and to a plan
which is not an Allowance Plan in an Insurance Fund (“Insurance Fund”), including payments
which the employer paid by combination of payments to a Pension Fund and to an Insurance
Fund whether there exists a possibility in the Insurance Fund to an allowance plan (“Employer
Payments”), will replace the severance pay that the employee is entitled to for the salary and
period of which the payments were paid (“Exempt Wages”) if the following conditions are
satisfied:
(1) Employer Payments –
(A) For Pension Funds are not less than 14.33 % of the Exempt Wages or 12% of the
Exempt Wages, if the employer pays for his employee an additional payment on behalf of the
severance pay completion for a providence fund or Insurance Fund at the rate of 2.33% of the
Exempt Wages. If an employer does not pay the additional 2.33% on top of the 12%, then the
payment will constitute only 72% of the Severance Pay.
(B) To the Insurance Fund are not less than one of the following:
(1) 13.33% of the Exempt Wages if the employer pays the employee additional payments to
insure his monthly income in case of work disability, in a plan approved by the Supervisor of the
Capital Market, Insurance and Savings in the Finance Ministry, at the lower of, a rate required to
insure 75% of the Exempt Wages or 2.5% of the Exempt Wages (“Disability Payment”).
(2) 11% of the Exempt Wages if the employer pays an additional Disability Payment and in
this case the Employer Payments will constitute only 72% of the employee’s severance pay; if,
in addition to the abovementioned sum, the employer pays 2.33% of the Exempt Wages for the
purpose of Severance Pay completion to providence fund or Insurance Funds, the Employer
Payments will constitute 100% of the severance pay.
(2) A written agreement must be made between the employer and employee no later than 3
months after the commencement of the Employer Payments that include –

(A) the agreement of the employee to the arrangement pursuant to this confirmation which
details the Employer Payments and the name of the Pension Fund or Insurance Fund; this
agreement must include a copy of this confirmation;
(B) an advanced waiver of the employer for any right that he could have to have his
payments refunded unless the employee’s right to severance pay is denied by judgment
according to sections 16 or 17 of the Law, or in case the employee withdrew monies from the
Pension Fund or Insurance Fund not for an Entitling Event; for this matter, Entitling Event or
purpose means death, disablement or retirement at the age of 60 or over.
(3) This confirmation does not derogate from the employee’s entitlement to severance pay
according to the Law, Collective Agreement, Extension Order or personal employment
agreement, for any salary above the Exempt Wages.
